docs(developer,mac): add playable video links to the help documentation (#12828)
keymanapp/keyman: mac/docs/help/start/install-keyboard.md

Here's how to download and install a Keyman keyboard within Keyman for macOS:

> [![](../mac_images/video.png) Watch Video](https://youtu.be/VirHygx8iqg) for installing the Khmer Angkor keyboard for Keyman for macOS:

Author: ```suggestion
![](../mac_images/video.png) Watch this video for installing the Khmer Angkor keyboard for Keyman for macOS (0:51)
```
